Roman Numerals Kata

[[Meta-comment]
  This copy of the requirements is for reference, not part of the solution.
  It will become redundant, as good test code IS developer-level requirements
  documentation. But it is handy to have "nearby" for test driving, especially
  when working off line.

  The fact that the requirements could change at the source is an argument
  BOTH FOR AND AGAINST replicating them here (two copies of information =
  non-agile; but if nothing "here" reacts to a change "there", it becomes
  less clear what exactly our test cases are meant to be testing).
]

Context
-------

The Romans wrote their numbers using letters: specifically the letters
    'I' meaning '1',
    'V' meaning '5',
    'X' meaning '10',
    'L' meaning '50',
    'C' meaning '100',
    'D' meaning '500',
    'M' meaning '1000'.

There were certain rules that the numerals followed which should be observed.
    The symbols 'I', 'X', 'C', and 'M' can be repeated at most 3 times in a row.
    The symbols 'V', 'L', and 'D' can never be repeated.
    The '1' symbols ('I', 'X', and 'C') can only be subtracted from the
       2 next highest values ('IV' and 'IX', 'XL' and 'XC', 'CD' and 'CM').
    Only one subtraction can be made per numeral ('XC' is allowed, 'XXC' is not).
    The '5' symbols ('V', 'L', and 'D') can never be subtracted.

Feature 1 - Converting Arabic to Roman

We would like to be able to convert Arabic numbers into their Roman numeral
equivalents. We just need some kind of program that can accept a numeric input
and output the Roman numeral for the input number.

Convert Arabic Number to Roman Numeral
   As a game developer
   I want to be able to convert a number to a numeral
   so that I can label my game releases using Roman numerals

   Given I have started the converter
   When I enter $number
   Then $numeral is returned

Feature 2 - Converting Roman to Arabic

The change from the Arabic numbering system to using Roman numerals has
gone really well, all things considered. There is a slight issue in that
sales of the latest games have dropped off, and when questioned people
have said it's because they no longer know what the latest version is,
as there's no easy-to-read number. To remedy this, we are going to install
a Roman numeral to Arabic number converters everywhere we sell games,
so people can work out which is the latest game.

Convert Roman Numeral to Arabic Number

   As a marketing manager
   I want customers to be able to convert numerals to numbers
   so that they can buy the latest version of the game

   Given I have started the converter
   When I enter $numeral
   Then $number is returned
